---
layout: post
title: "Day 2 - Continuing "
---

### What I Set Out to Do
On Day 2, I wanted to focus up, and get the remainder of my easy problems done with. Some feedback I received during my presentation was to focus the problems I'd choose on content we'd learned in class, so I found another two easy problems that were related to topics we'd learned in class, and that I'd struggled with. I wanted to finish these two problems. One problem required me to take an input, and continously add it's individual intgers together till the sum is a single digit, or the input itself is an invalid one, and the second required me to do similar, but squaring numbers and adding till the result is 1

---

### What I Actually Did

I did manage to finish the two problems I'd set out to do, while utilising my knowledge of for loops and while loops. For starters, as I usually do when tackling problems, I spent a good amount of time just brainstorming and tinkering around with different codes. My first problem utilised both while loops and for loops, but to a more basic extent than my second problem. I was just adding two integers together till the length was less than one. However, a twist in both of them was that I needed to learn how to constantly redefine a while loop to keep it running till a clause is met. This is something I can't recall having to do in class(I forget easily), and I was very pleasantly surprised to find out this could be done by constantly redefining the input. Lots of tinkering, but a satisfying end.


---

### What I Learned or Noticed

As I talked about earlier, learning how to constantly redefine an input to keep a while loop running just long enough was a very interesting takeaway from lots of brainstorming, and it's something I wish i'd mastered earlier in this semester. I also learned that an easy LeetCode problem is still very difficult. Hopefully these medium problems aren't too spicy. 
---

### What's Next
Two more problems, both mediums. Here we go!
