---
layout: post
title: "Final Post - Advice to Future CS Students"
---

## What’s One Thing You’d Tell Someone Starting This Course?

Pick something slightly out of your comfort zone, and break it down into bite-sized tasks. If your class has this project due anytime similar to when we had it due, you'll be very busy throughout these couple of weeks, you should be working on the project. That's why I advise anyone and everyone to make this whole process a lot more anxiety-filled by breaking a large task into bite-sized, easy-to-complete tasks that can be done quickly and give you time to complete any other work that you might need to do.  

## What Did You Learn That Might Stick With You?

I think this project taught me a great deal concerning time management and assessing priorities. The bulk of this project had to be completed over the last week of school and finals week, with me also having to deal with one final experience and a Level Up during this same time. Picking and choosing what to work on at what moment became a task, and my having to choose my priorities based on my certain needs on a day-to-day basis taught me a lot. 

## What Helped You Get Through Challenges?

To be honest, what kept me going was the fact that I had to do this project eventually, and delaying it would only hurt me. Putting in my earbuds and just getting into a rhythm also helped. I feel like I coded best when I didn't overthink, and I let my brain do its work in an "auto-pilot" of sorts, so music often helped me get into that sort of zone. In the end, the time constraints I was facing also ultimately pushed me to complete my work so I would finish on time. 

## What’s Next for You?

Right now, I'm going into summer break, and I'm mostly going to be focused on my job at a Nature Day Camp. Right now, I can't think of exactly how CS will affect my thought process in that particular environment, but in general, I feel like CS has really changed how I approach and deal with problems, and it's also made me a lot more open to making mistakes, to eventually succeed. I also think the workload of this class in general will at least somewhat prepare me for the heavy workload that I've been warned to expect in physics next year, and junior year in general. 


---
